Alternatives -- a description of the alternatives the agency has considered or will consider as required by

section 4(c)(1)(B) of Executive Order 12866.

Anticipated Costs and Benefits -- a description of preliminary estimates of the anticipated costs and

benefits of the action.

Risks -- a description of the magnitude of the risk the action addresses, the amount by which the agency

expects the action to reduce this risk, and the relation of the risk and this risk reduction effort to other

risks and risk reduction efforts within the agency's jurisdiction.



V. Abbreviations

The following abbreviations appear throughout this publication:

ANPRM -- An Advance Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is a preliminary notice, published in the Federal

Register, announcing that an agency is considering a regulatory action. An agency may issue an ANPRM

before it develops a detailed proposed rule. An ANPRM describes the general area that may be subject to

regulation and usually asks for public comment on the issues and options being discussed. An ANPRM is

issued only when an agency believes it needs to gather more information before proceeding to a notice of

proposed rulemaking.

CFR -- The Code of Federal Regulations is an annual codification of the general and permanent

regulations published in the Federal Register by the agencies of the Federal Government. The Code is

divided into 50 titles, each title covering a broad area subject to Federal regulation. The CFR is keyed to

and kept up to date by the daily issues of the Federal Register.

E.O. -- An Executive order is a directive from the President to Executive agencies, issued under

constitutional or statutory authority. Executive orders are published in the Federal Register and in title 3 of

the Code of Federal Regulations.

FR -- The Federal Register is a daily Federal Government publication that provides a uniform system for

publishing Presidential documents, all proposed and final regulations, notices of meetings, and other

official documents issued by Federal agencies.

FY -- The Federal fiscal year runs from October 1 to September 30.

NPRM -- A Notice of Proposed Rulemaking is the document an agency issues and publishes in


                                                                                                               18
the Federal Register that describes and solicits public comments on a proposed regulatory action. Under

the Administrative Procedure Act (5 U.S.C. 553), an NPRM must include, at a minimum: A statement of

the time, place, and nature of the public rulemaking proceeding;

Legal Authority -- A reference to the legal authority under which the rule is proposed; and either the terms

or substance of the proposed rule or a description of the subjects and issues involved.

Pub. L. -- A public law is a law passed by Congress and signed by the President or enacted over his veto.

It has general applicability, unlike a private law that applies only to those persons or entities specifically

designated. Public laws are numbered in sequence throughout the 2-year life of each Congress; for

example, Public Law 112-4 is the fourth public law of the 112th Congress.

RFA -- A Regulatory Flexibility Analysis is a description and analysis of the impact of a rule on small

entities, including small businesses, small governmental jurisdictions, and certain small not-for-profit

organizations. The Regulatory Flexibility Act (5 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) requires each agency to prepare an

initial RFA for public comment when it is required to publish an NPRM and to make available a final RFA

when the final rule is published, unless the agency head certifies that the rule would not have a significant

economic impact on a substantial number of small entities.

RIN -- The Regulation Identifier Number is assigned by the Regulatory Information Service Center to

identify each regulatory action listed in the Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda, as directed by

Executive Order 12866 (section 4(b)). Additionally, OMB has asked agencies to include RINs in the

headings of their Rule and Proposed Rule documents when publishing them in the Federal Register, to

make it easier for the public and agency officials to track the publication history of regulatory actions

throughout their development.

Seq. No. -- The sequence number identifies the location of an entry in the printed edition of the

Regulatory Plan and the Unified Agenda. Note that a specific regulatory action will have the same RIN

throughout its development but will generally have different sequence numbers if it appears in different

printed editions of the Unified Agenda. Sequence numbers are not used in the online Unified Agenda.

U.S.C. -- The United States Code is a consolidation and codification of all general and permanent laws of

the United States. The USC is divided into 50 titles, each title covering a broad area of Federal law.




                                                                                                                 19
