SECTION 120—APPORTIONMENT PROCESS 
 
 
Page 10 of Section 120                        OMB Circular No. A–11 (2025) 
120.12 After OMB approves an apportionment, can I obligate against all budgetary resources? 
 
Not necessarily.  You should not obligate until apportioned amounts have been allotted in accordance with 
your agency's OMB-approved funds control regulations (see section 150, Administrative Control of Funds).  
There are other circum stances in which you cannot obligate funds following an apportionment.  For 
example, you cannot obligate against anticipated resources.  You must wait until the resources are realized 
before incurring obligations.  Additionally, in some cases, a footnote t o the apportionment will state that 
amounts are apportioned, but are only available for obligation when specified events occur (such as an 
agency taking certain action). 
120.13 What is the format of the Application of Budgetary Resources section and what categories 
does OMB use to apportion funds? 
 
OMB usually uses one of four categories to apportion budgetary resources in a TAFS.   
 
Category A  apportions budgetary resources by fiscal quarters, e.g., quarter one (October 1 through 
December 31) and quarter two (January 1 through March 31).  Lines 6001 through 6004 are used for 
quarters one through four, respectively. 
 
Category B apportions budgetary resources by program, project, activities, objects or a combination of these 
categories.  Lines 6011 thro ugh 6110 are used for Category B apportioned amounts.  One TAFS can 
potentially have dozens of Category B apportionments, each pertaining to specific activities, projects, and 
so on.  There are also cases when it makes programmatic sense for OMB to use a s ingle, Category B 
apportionment for a given TAFS. 
   
Category AB apportions budgetary resources by a combination of fiscal quarters and projects.  You may 
use Lines 6111 through 6159 to apportion in this manner. See section 8 of Appendix F for a full list of line 
numbers and descriptions.  
 
Category C apportions budgetary resources in multi-year and no-year TAFSs into future fiscal years.  Lines 
6170 thru 6173 are used for Category C apportioned amounts.  (Note: Category C amounts that OMB 
apportions in one year are not available for you to obligate against in the following year.  For these amounts 
to be available, OMB must approve a new request in the following year that apportions these amounts on 
Category A, B, or AB lines.)  See section 120.52 for additional information.  
 
Apportionments may include a combination of categories. 
 
In some cases (uncommon), resources in the Budgetary Resources section are not apportioned. In such 
cases, the non-apportioned budgetary resources are shown using one of four apportionment lines —  
 
6180, Withheld pending rescission (rarely used),  
 
6181, Deferred (rarely used),  
 
6182, Unapportioned balance of a revolving fund, and  
 
6183, Exempt from apportionment (uncommon, and used in TAFSs with both budgetary resources 
subject to and exempt from apportionment — at the bottom of the section on the Application of 
Budgetary Resources).   
 
Agencies must report obligations to Treasury (GTAS) using the same level of specificity as appears on the 
apportioned section of your most recent approved apportionment.  For instance, if OMB uses a single 